fix: update all documentation links (#8045)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/docs/configuration/cache.md

  --redis-key /path/to/key.pem
```

[trivy-db]: ./db.md
[trivy-java-db]: ./db.md
[misconf-checks]: ../scanner/misconfiguration/check/builtin.md
[boltdb]: https://github.com/etcd-io/bbolt

> [parallel-run]: https://trivy.dev/v0.52/docs/references/troubleshooting/#running-in-parallel-takes-same-time-as-series-run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[parallel-run]: https://trivy.dev/latest/docs/references/troubleshooting/#running-in-parallel-takes-same-time-as-series-run
```

Author: thanks, I changed to `{{ git.tag }}` instead

Reviewer: Looks like we can just use `latest` (like for other links).
Do you see a reason why we need to use `{{ git.tag }}` here?
